## func
#### func
An anonymous function.
```javascript
function (${param}) {  }
```

## jqAfter
#### jqAfter
Insert content, specified by the parameter, after each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).after(${content});
```

## jqAjax
#### jqAjax
Perform an asynchronous HTTP (Ajax) request.
```javascript
$.ajax({
	type: "${method}",
	url: "${url}",
	data: "${data}",
	dataType: "${dataType}",
	success: function (response) {
		$0
	}
});
```

## jqAjaxAspNetWebService
#### jqAjaxAspNetWebService
Perform an asynchronous HTTP (Ajax) request to a ASP.NET web service.
```javascript
$.ajax({
	type: "POST",
	contentType: "application/json; charset=utf-8",
	dataType: "${dataType}",
	url: "${url}",
	data: "${data}",
	success: function (response) {
		$0
	}
});
```

## jqAppend
#### jqAppend
Insert content, specified by the parameter, to the end of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).append(${content});
```

## jqAppendTo
#### jqAppendTo
Insert every element in the set of matched elements to the end of the target.
```javascript
$(${content}).appendTo(${selector});
```

## jqAttrGet
#### jqAttrGet
Get the value of an attribute for the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).attr(${attributeName});
```

## jqAttrRemove
#### jqAttrRemove
Remove an attribute from each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).removeAttr(${attributeName});
```

## jqAttrSet
#### jqAttrSet
Set one or more attributes for the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).attr(${attributeName}, ${value});
```

## jqAttrSetFn
#### jqAttrSetFn
Set one or more attributes for the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).attr(${attributeName}, function (index, attr) { 
	$0 
});
```

## jqAttrSetObj
#### jqAttrSetObj
Set one or more attributes for the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).attr({
	${name}: ${value}
	$0
});
```

## jqBefore
#### jqBefore
Insert content, specified by the parameter, before each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).before(${content});
```

## jqBind
#### jqBind
Attach a handler to an event for the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).bind(${eventType}, function (e) {
	$0
});
```

## jqBindWithData
#### jqBindWithData
Attach a handler to an event for the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).bind(${eventType}, ${eventData}, function (e) {
	$0
});
```

## jqBlur
#### jqBlur
Bind an event handler to the "blur" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).blur(function (e) { 
	e.preventDefault();
	$0
});
```

## jqChange
#### jqChange
Bind an event handler to the "change" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).change(function (e) { 
	e.preventDefault();
	$0
});
```

## jqClassAdd
#### jqClassAdd
Adds the specified class(es) to each of the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).addClass(${className});
```

## jqClassRemove
#### jqClassRemove
Remove a single class, multiple classes, or all classes from each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).removeClass(${className});
```

## jqClassToggle
#### jqClassToggle
Add or remove one or more classes from each element in the set of matched elements, depending on either the class's presence.
```javascript
$(${selector}).toggleClass(${className});
```

## jqClassToggleSwitch
#### jqClassToggleSwitch
Add or remove one or more classes from each element in the set of matched elements, depending on either the class's presence or the value of the switch argument.
```javascript
$(${selector}).toggleClass(${className}, ${switch});
```

## jqClick
#### jqClick
Bind an event handler to the "click" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).click(function (e) { 
	e.preventDefault();
	$0
});
```

## jqClone
#### jqClone
Create a deep copy of the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).clone();
```

## jqCloneWithEvents
#### jqCloneWithEvents
Create a deep copy of the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).clone(true);
```

## jqCssGet
#### jqCssGet
Get the computed style properties for the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).css(${propertyName});
```

## jqCssSet
#### jqCssSet
Set one or more CSS properties for the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).css(${propertyName}, ${value});
```

## jqCssSetObj
#### jqCssSetObj
Set one or more CSS properties for the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).css({
	${propertyName}: ${value}
	$0
});
```

## jqDataGet
#### jqDataGet
Return the value at the named data store for the first element in the jQuery collection, as set by data(name, value) or by an HTML5 data-* attribute.
```javascript
$(${selector}).data(${key});
```

## jqDataRemove
#### jqDataRemove
Remove a previously-stored piece of data.
```javascript
$(${selector}).removeData(${element});
```

## jqDataSet
#### jqDataSet
Store arbitrary data associated with the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).data(${key}, ${value});
```

## jqDataSetObj
#### jqDataSetObj
Store arbitrary data associated with the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).data({
	${key}: ${value}
	$0
});
```

## jqDie
#### jqDie
Remove event handlers previously attached using .live() from the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).die(${eventType});
```

## jqDieAll
#### jqDieAll
Remove event handlers previously attached using .live() from the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).die();
```

## jqDieFn
#### jqDieFn
Remove event handlers previously attached using .live() from the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).die(${eventType}, ${handler});
```

## jqDocReady
#### jqDocReady
Function to execute when the DOM is fully loaded.
```javascript
$(document).ready(function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqDocReadyShort
#### jqDocReadyShort
Function to execute when the DOM is fully loaded.
```javascript
$(function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqEach
#### jqEach
A generic iterator function, which can be used to seamlessly iterate over both objects and arrays. Arrays and array-like objects with a length property (such as a function's arguments object) are iterated by numeric index, from 0 to length-1. Other objects are iterated via their named properties.
```javascript
$.each(${collection}, function (indexInArray, valueOfElement) { 
	$0 
});
```

## jqEachElement
#### jqEachElement
Iterate over a jQuery object, executing a function for each matched element. 
```javascript
$(${selector}).each(function (index, element) {
	// element == this
	$0
});
```

## jqEmpty
#### jqEmpty
Remove all child nodes of the set of matched elements from the DOM.
```javascript
$(${selector}).empty();
```

## jqFadeIn
#### jqFadeIn
Display the matched elements by fading them to opaque.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeIn();
```

## jqFadeInFull
#### jqFadeInFull
Display the matched elements by fading them to opaque.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeIn(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqFadeOut
#### jqFadeOut
Hide the matched elements by fading them to transparent.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeOut();
```

## jqFadeOutFull
#### jqFadeOutFull
Hide the matched elements by fading them to transparent.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeOut(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqFadeTo
#### jqFadeTo
Adjust the opacity of the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeTo(${duration}, ${opacity});
```

## jqFadeToFull
#### jqFadeToFull
Adjust the opacity of the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).fadeTo(${duration}, ${opacity}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqFind
#### jqFind
Get the descendants of each element in the current set of matched elements, filtered by a selector, jQuery object, or element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).find(${selector2});
```

## jqFocus
#### jqFocus
Bind an event handler to the "focus" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).focus(function (e) { 
	e.preventDefault();
	$0
});
```

## jqGet
#### jqGet
Load data from the server using a HTTP GET request.
```javascript
$.get("${url}", ${data},
	function (data, textStatus, jqXHR) {
		$0
	},
	"${dataType}"
);
```

## jqGetJson
#### jqGetJson
Load JSON-encoded data from the server using a GET HTTP request.
```javascript
$.getJSON("${url}", ${data},
	function (data, textStatus, jqXHR) {
		$0
	}
);
```

## jqGetScript
#### jqGetScript
Load a JavaScript file from the server using a GET HTTP request, then execute it.
```javascript
$.getScript("${url}", function (script, textStatus, jqXHR) {
	$0
});
```

## jqHasClass
#### jqHasClass
Determine whether any of the matched elements are assigned the given class.
```javascript
$(${selector}).hasClass(${className});
```

## jqHeightGet
#### jqHeightGet
Get the current computed height for the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).height();
```

## jqHeightSet
#### jqHeightSet
Set the CSS height of every matched element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).height(${value});
```

## jqHide
#### jqHide
Hide the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).hide();
```

## jqHideFull
#### jqHideFull
Hide the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).hide(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqHover
#### jqHover
Bind two handlers to the matched elements, to be executed when the mouse pointer enters and leaves the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).hover(function () {
		// over
		$0
	}, function () {
		// out
	}
);
```

## jqHtmlGet
#### jqHtmlGet
Get the HTML contents of the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).html();
```

## jqHtmlSet
#### jqHtmlSet
Set the HTML contents of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).html(${htmlString});
```

## jqInnerHeight
#### jqInnerHeight
Get the current computed height for the first element in the set of matched elements, including padding but not border.
```javascript
$(${selector}).innerHeight();
```

## jqInnerWidth
#### jqInnerWidth
Get the current computed inner width for the first element in the set of matched elements, including padding but not border.
```javascript
$(${selector}).innerWidth();
```

## jqInsertAfter
#### jqInsertAfter
Insert every element in the set of matched elements after the target.
```javascript
$(${target}).insertAfter(${selector});
```

## jqInsertBefore
#### jqInsertBefore
Insert every element in the set of matched elements before the target.
```javascript
$(${target}).insertBefore(${selector});
```

## jqKeyDown
#### jqKeyDown
Bind an event handler to the "keydown" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).keydown(function (e) { 
	$0
});
```

## jqKeyPress
#### jqKeyPress
Bind an event handler to the "keypress" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).keypress(function (e) { 
	$0
});
```

## jqKeyUp
#### jqKeyUp
Bind an event handler to the "keyup" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).keyup(function (e) { 
	$0
});
```

## jqLoadGet
#### jqLoadGet
Load data from the server and place the returned HTML into the matched element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).load("${url}", "${data}", function (response, status, request) {
	this; // dom element
	$0
});
```

## jqLoadPost
#### jqLoadPost
Load data from the server and place the returned HTML into the matched element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).load("${url}", "${data}", function (response, status, request) {
	this; // dom element
	$0
});
```

## jqMap
#### jqMap
Translate all items in an array or object to new array of items.
```javascript
$.map(${arrayOrObject}, function (elementOrValue, indexOrKey) {
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseDown
#### jqMouseDown
Bind an event handler to the "mousedown" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mousedown(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseEnter
#### jqMouseEnter
Bind an event handler to be fired when the mouse enters an element, or trigger that handler on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mouseenter(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseLeave
#### jqMouseLeave
Bind an event handler to be fired when the mouse leaves an element, or trigger that handler on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mouseleave(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseMove
#### jqMouseMove
Bind an event handler to the "mousemove" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mousemove(function (e) { 
	// values: e.clientX, e.clientY, e.pageX, e.pageY
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseOut
#### jqMouseOut
Bind an event handler to the "mouseout" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mouseout(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseOver
#### jqMouseOver
Bind an event handler to the "mouseover" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mouseover(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqMouseUp
#### jqMouseUp
Bind an event handler to the "mouseup" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).mouseup(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqNamespace
#### jqNamespace
A namespace template. ref: http://enterprisejquery.com/2010/10/how-good-c-habits-can-encourage-bad-javascript-habits-part-1/
```javascript
(function ( ${name}, $, undefined ) {
	// Private Property
	myPrivateProperty = "Private Property";
		
	// Public Property
	${name}.myPublicProperty = "Publically Accessible Property";
		
	// Private Method
	function myPrivateMethod () {
		
	}
		
	// Public Method
	${name}.myPublicMethod = function () {
		
	};  
}(window.${name} = window.${name} || {}, jQuery ));
```

## jqOffsetGet
#### jqOffsetGet
Get the current coordinates of the first element, or set the coordinates of every element, in the set of matched elements, relative to the document.
```javascript
var offset = $(${selector}).offset();
var top = offset.top;
var left = offset.left;
$0
```

## jqOffsetParent
#### jqOffsetParent
Get the closest ancestor element that is positioned.
```javascript
var offset = $(${selector}).offsetParent();
var top = offset.top;
var left = offset.left;
$0
```

## jqOn
#### jqOn
Attach an event handler function for one or more events to the selected elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).on(${events}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqOne
#### jqOne
Attach a handler to an event for the elements. The handler is executed at most once per element per event type.
```javascript
$(${selector}).one(${events}, function (e) {
	$0
});
```

## jqOneWithData
#### jqOneWithData
Attach a handler to an event for the elements. The handler is executed at most once per element per event type.
```javascript
$(${selector}).one(${events}, ${data}, function (e) {
	$0
});
```

## jqOuterHeight
#### jqOuterHeight
Get the current computed height for the first element in the set of matched elements, including padding, border, and optionally margin. Returns a number (without "px") representation of the value or null if called on an empty set of elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).outerHeight(${includeMargin});
```

## jqOuterWidth
#### jqOuterWidth
Get the current computed width for the first element in the set of matched elements, including padding and border.
```javascript
$(${selector}).outerWidth(${includeMargin});
```

## jqPlugin
#### jqPlugin
Plugin template.
```javascript
(function ($) {
	jQuery.fn.${pluginName} = function (settings) {
		var config = {'foo': 'bar'};
 
		if (settings) jQuery.extend(config, settings);
 
		this.each(function () {
			// element-specific code here
			$0
		});
 
		return this;
	};
})(jQuery);
```

## jqPosition
#### jqPosition
Get the current coordinates of the first element in the set of matched elements, relative to the offset parent.
```javascript
var position = $(${selector}).position();
var top = position.top;
var left = position.left;
$0
```

## jqPost
#### jqPost
Load data from the server using a HTTP POST request.
```javascript
$.post("${url}", ${data},
	function (data, textStatus, jqXHR) {
		$0
	},
	"${dataType}"
);
```

## jqPrepend
#### jqPrepend
Insert content, specified by the parameter, to the beginning of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).prepend(${content});
```

## jqPrependTo
#### jqPrependTo
Insert every element in the set of matched elements to the beginning of the target.
```javascript
$(${content}).prependTo(${selector});
```

## jqRemove
#### jqRemove
Remove the set of matched elements from the DOM.
```javascript
$(${selector}).remove();
```

## jqRemoveExp
#### jqRemoveExp
Remove the set of matched elements from the DOM.
```javascript
$(${selector}).remove(${expression});
```

## jqReplaceAll
#### jqReplaceAll
Replace each target element with the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).replaceAll(${target});
```

## jqReplaceWith
#### jqReplaceWith
Replace each element in the set of matched elements with the provided new content and return the set of elements that was removed.
```javascript
$(${selector}).replaceWith(${newContent});
```

## jqResize
#### jqResize
Bind an event handler to the "resize" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).resize(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqScroll
#### jqScroll
Bind an event handler to the "scroll" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).scroll(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqScrollLeftGet
#### jqScrollLeftGet
Get the current horizontal position of the scroll bar for the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).scrollLeft();
```

## jqScrollLeftSet
#### jqScrollLeftSet
Set the current horizontal position of the scroll bar for each of the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).scrollLeft(${value});
```

## jqScrollTopGet
#### jqScrollTopGet
Get the current vertical position of the scroll bar for the first element in the set of matched elements or set the vertical position of the scroll bar for every matched element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).scrollTop();
```

## jqScrollTopSet
#### jqScrollTopSet
Set the current vertical position of the scroll bar for each of the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).scrollTop(${value});
```

## jqSelect
#### jqSelect
Bind an event handler to the "select" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).select(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqSelectTrigger
#### jqSelectTrigger
Bind an event handler to the "select" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).select();
```

## jqShow
#### jqShow
Display the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).show();
```

## jqShowFull
#### jqShowFull
Display the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).show(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqSlideDown
#### jqSlideDown
Display the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideDown();
```

## jqSlideDownFull
#### jqSlideDownFull
Display the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideDown(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqSlideToggle
#### jqSlideToggle
Display or hide the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideToggle();
```

## jqSlideToggleFull
#### jqSlideToggleFull
Display or hide the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideToggle(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqSlideUp
#### jqSlideUp
Display the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideUp();
```

## jqSlideUpFull
#### jqSlideUpFull
Display the matched elements with a sliding motion.
```javascript
$(${selector}).slideUp(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqSubmit
#### jqSubmit
Bind an event handler to the "submit" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).submit(function (e) { 
	e.preventDefault();
	$0
});
```

## jqSubmitTrigger
#### jqSubmitTrigger
Bind an event handler to the "submit" JavaScript event, or trigger that event on an element.
```javascript
$(${selector}).submit();
```

## jqTextGet
#### jqTextGet
Get the combined text contents of each element in the set of matched elements, including their descendants.
```javascript
$(${selector}).text();
```

## jqTextSet
#### jqTextSet
Set the content of each element in the set of matched elements to the specified text.
```javascript
$(${selector}).text(${textString});
```

## jqToggle
#### jqToggle
Display or hide the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).toggle();
```

## jqToggleFull
#### jqToggleFull
Display or hide the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).toggle(${duration}, function () {
	$0
});
```

## jqToggleSwitch
#### jqToggleSwitch
Display or hide the matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).toggle(${showOrHide});
```

## jqTrigger
#### jqTrigger
Execute all handlers and behaviors attached to the matched elements for the given event type.
```javascript
$(${selector}).trigger(${eventType});
```

## jqTriggerHandler
#### jqTriggerHandler
Execute all handlers attached to an element for an event.
```javascript
$(${selector}).triggerHandler(${eventType});
```

## jqTriggerHandlerWithData
#### jqTriggerHandlerWithData
Execute all handlers attached to an element for an event.
```javascript
$(${selector}).triggerHandler(${eventType}, { ${name}: ${value} });
```

## jqTriggerWithData
#### jqTriggerWithData
Execute all handlers and behaviors attached to the matched elements for the given event type.
```javascript
$(${selector}).trigger(${eventType}, { ${name}: ${value} });
```

## jqUnbind
#### jqUnbind
Remove a previously-attached event handler from the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).unbind(${eventType});
```

## jqUnbindAll
#### jqUnbindAll
Remove a previously-attached event handler from the elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).unbind();
```

## jqUnload
#### jqUnload
Bind an event handler to the "unload" JavaScript event.
```javascript
$(${selector}).unload(function () { 
	$0
});
```

## jqValGet
#### jqValGet
Get the current value of the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).val();
```

## jqValSet
#### jqValSet
Set the value of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).val(${value});
```

## jqWidthGet
#### jqWidthGet
Get the current computed width for the first element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).width();
```

## jqWidthSet
#### jqWidthSet
Set the CSS width of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).width(${value});
```

## jqWrap
#### jqWrap
Wrap an HTML structure around each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).wrap("<${wrappingElement}></${wrappingElement}>");
```

## jqWrapAll
#### jqWrapAll
Wrap an HTML structure around all elements in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).wrapAll("<${wrappingElement}></${wrappingElement}>");
```

## jqWrapInner
#### jqWrapInner
Wrap an HTML structure around the content of each element in the set of matched elements.
```javascript
$(${selector}).wrapInner("<${wrappingElement}></${wrappingElement}>");
```

